# Instructions for participants

## Slicing

To calculate the bill, you need to consider the tax of the country from which the order came from
and the reduction.

### Taxes

Here is the tax table used in the exercise:

| _Country_      | _Code_ | _Tax_ |
| -------------- | ------ | ----- |
| Spain          | ES     | 19%   |
| France         | FR     | 20%   |
| Germany        | DE     | 20%   |
| United Kingdom | UK     | 21%   |
| Italy          | IT     | 25%   |

For the order `{"prices":[15.99],"quantities":[1],"country":"ES","reduction":"STANDARD"}`, for
example, the response should be `{"total":19.03}`.

### Reductions

Following the STANDARD reductions applied for the most part of the orders:

| _Total_       | _Reduction_ |
| ------------- | ----------- |
| >= 50 000 EUR | 15 %        |
| >= 10 000 EUR | 10 %        |
| >= 7 000 EUR  | 7 %         |
| >= 5 000 EUR  | 5 %         |
| >= 1 000 EUR  | 3 %         |

For the order
`{"prices":[4.1,8.03,86.83,65.62,44.82],"quantities":[10,3,5,4,5],"country":"FR","reduction":"STANDARD"}`,
for example, the response should be `{"total":1147.49}`.

Note that:

1. discounts are applied _after_ taxes;
2. _other types of discounts may appear_. Plan the code to be scalable if further discounts are
   needed.

## Project Structure

You should only change the `src` folder in this repository. All other folders and files should
remain as they are today.

-   `api` is the folder where the mock came from.
-   `dist` is the output generated by your code in `src` once you run the command line to build or
    develop the project.
-   `scripts` is used to create helpers for the repository.
-   The `src` source folder is where you should create the code to solve this exercise, feel free to
    organise it as you wish. The mandatory file is `main.js` which is the entry point for your
    application code.

## Coding

-   Install project dependencies `npm run install`

-   Run server and mock data `npm run dev`

1. In order to play, you will need to GET the API located at `http://localhost:3000/api/orders`.
2. By opening the following url `http://localhost:8080/` you will land on the destination page.
3. We don't need a user interface for this exercise, you can open the console and view the result.
